hay has gone Dave to D here in front of
me are some white gaming laptops and
each one of these has like a regular
Edition like a black or a black and red
version but these are kinda like the
special or limited editions and here's
the thing when you see a picture of
these online because we're so used to
just black laptops these really stick
out right they stick coders be like
something special something unique and
for people that are interested in this
kind of design aesthetic this stuff
looks really cool but having handled
these laptops for a little bit in real
life I've noticed that different brands
handle their special edition or limited
edition products differently so these
are the p65 from msi which is kind of
like the GS 65 kind of prestige or
premium edition and this is the Helios
300 so they have a black and red
predator Helios 300 that is fairly
common and then they made a special
edition of that and then we have the
Mercury razor blade 15 so this is a
device that's normally black and green
from razor but they have a white and
silver version okay
first I'm gonna talk for the special
edition Helios 300 from Acer this is the
cheapest of the bunch that they did a
really good job on this thing
it's a white and gold themed plastic
build with this kind of white
pearlescent plastic the gold accents are
uniform in color and what I mean by that
is that regardless of which kind of gold
accent you're looking at whether it's
the logo the hinge or like the accents
here and there it's all the same color
of gold which is something I think that
is important when it comes to making a
special edition laptop like this now
inside we have a white keyboard the
backlighting is white there's gold
accents on the trackpad on the keyboard
it's a great gaming laptop just like the
original black and red version it's just
that this white and gold version looks
so much better now Easter took it to
another level included in this box is a
white easy adapter and a matching Mouse
and a pair of headphones it's little
details like that that makes this
special edition actually feel special I
think this laptop here amongst these
three it sticks out as being a really
complete and well thought out package
next up we're going to talk about the
Mercury razor blade 15 so this device
isn't white it's silver now the normal
razor blade material is just anodized
black aluminum but you can't anodized
aluminum white you can kind of edge it
and give it some texture so that
reflects light a certain way but you
can't really apply a coating of
white on two aluminium using anodization
so what they've done here is they've
kept it silver but it's a really bright
finish and the white accents from the
keys just make it look like a white
laptop the actual finish itself feels
slightly different from the black razor
blade this has a smoother feel to it and
it also doesn't show fingerprints nearly
as readily like any of those black
anodized aluminum like you touch them
your fingerprints show up really easily
this is basically fingerprint proof it's
tough to see any kind of smudging on
this material it's a nice material the
top surface is missing that glowing
green Razer logo and instead it's been
replaced with this more subtle polished
silver logo it still looks cool and it's
distinctly the Razer logo if you look at
it on the right angle but it's not as
obnoxious as a glowing green triple
headed snake the keys on the keyboards
are white and the greater chroma
lighting that goes through it
I think it looks really good it's just
something that's personal preference to
me but I love the way that the RGB
lighting shows up on this keyboard but
everything else on this laptop remains
the same between this and the regular
addition it's just the aesthetic is
obviously different okay last laptop is
this the P 65 from MSI so this is I've
saved this one for last because I felt
like this is the one that kind of
disappointed me a little bit if you're
interested in white laptops the P 65
might've caught your eye because it's a
reasonably well priced laptop further
hardware that you're getting in a thin
and light chassis like this the thing is
the process that they use to make this
thing white is different from these two
they're using some kind of spray so
whether it's paint or some kind of
coating it doesn't look as refined of a
product as the other two there are parts
of the laptop that looked like we could
have used an extra coating of paint and
if this was black it would have been
able to hide those blemishes really
easily because black paint tends to hide
things and shadows and stuff but because
it's white those imperfections are more
noticeable and then another thing the
trim on the top lid is silver and on the
original gs 65 it's this gold color but
there's a lot of gold going on in this
laptop as well if they got the gold logo
the gold accents on the sides but that
top trim and the trim around the
trackpad are a silver finish which
doesn't feel right to me and I know some
of you guys are like who cares right
it's still an awesome laptops it still
looks pretty cool but the thing is
people are buying this for basically one
reason aesthetics right like you're
purchasing these special edition or
limited edition versions because they
look a particular way
when you're spending that kind of money
you want it to look as perfect as
possible now that's not to say that the
p65 is a bad product it isn't it's a
great product and it looks pretty cool
still but it's just not as perfect of a
white laptop as the other two I feel
like these guys did a much better job
the other thing I want to talk about is
wallpaper choice
so the acer laptop comes with this
wallpaper that looks perfect for this
color scheme the bright white that looks
like it's cracking out of those polygons
looks awesome with the white and gold
and even their software has a white and
gold theme going on so they obviously
put in the time and effort to make the
special edition feel special now one
thing I noticed that on all of these
devices because the feet at the bottom
of the laptop are not black they show
dirt more readily than dark-colored
rubber feet so keep that in mind if that
matters to you in terms of pricing these
are all new products and this one's
actually unreleased as of today so I'm
not sure of the exact pricing for these
I'll drop links down below for all three
of them so if you're interested you can
check those out ok hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs if you liked it subs
of you loves it and see you guys next
time